abidjan Abidjan
abyssinian Abyssinia
afghanistan Afghanistan
agrarian Agra
albanian Albania
alexandrian Alexandria
algerian Algerie
andorran Andorra
anglian Anglia
anglican Anglia
angolan Angola
annamese Annam
argentinian Argentina
armenian Armenia
astrakhan Astrakhan
augustan Augusta
australian Australia
austrian Austria
azerbaijan Azerbaijan
bahamian Bahamas
barbadian Barbados
belgian Belgique
belgian Belgium
belorussian Belorussia
beninese Benin
bhutan Bhutan
bhutanese Bhutan
bolivian Bolivia
brazilian Brasil
brazilian Brazil
british Britain
british UK
brunch Brunei
bruneian Brunei
bulgarian Bulgaria
burmese Burma
burundian Burundi
byelorussian Byelorussia
calcuttan Calcutta
cambodian Cambodia
canadian Canada
cancan Cancun
cebuan Cebu
ceylonese Ceylon
chadian Chad
changan Changan
chilean Chile
colombian Colombia
columbian Columbus
congolese Congo 
cordovan Cordova
croatian Croatia
cuban Cuba
cyprian Cyprus
danish Denmark
delphian Delphi
djiboutian Djibouti
dominican Dominica
dutch Holland
ecuadoran Ecuador
egyptian Egypt
english UK
english England
eritrean Eritrea
ethiopian Ethiopia
european Europe
fijian Fiji
finnish Finland
flinch Flint
french France
freshman Fresno
gabonese Gabon
gambian Gambia
gandhian Gand
genoese Genova
genovese Genova
gentian Gent
georgian Georgia
german Germany
ghanaian Ghana
ghanese Ghana
ghanian Ghana
greek Ellas
grenadian Grenada
guatemalan Guatemala
guinean Guinea
guyanese Guyana
haitian Haiti
honduran Honduras
hungarian Hungary
icelandic Iceland
indiaman India
indian India
indianan India
indonesian Indonesia
iranian Iran
iraqui Irak
iraqui Iraq
israeli Israel
italian Italy
jamaican Jamaica
japanese Japan
jordan Jordan
jugoslavian Jugoslavija
kampuchean Kampuchea
kazakhstan Kazakhstan
kazakstan Kazakstan
kenyan Kenya
kuwaiti Kuwait
lancastrian Lancaster
lebanese Lebanon
liberian Liberia
libyan Libya
liegeman Liege
macedonian Macedonia
madagascan Madagascar
malawian Malaga
malawian Malaya
malayan Malaga
malayan Malaya
malaysian Malaysia
maldivan Maldives
maldivian Maldives
malian Mali
maltese Malta
maltman Malta
mauritanian Mauritanie
mauritian Mauritius
mauritian Muritaniya
median Medina
meridian Merida
mexican Mexico
milanese Milano
monacan Monaco
mongolian Mongolia
moroccan Maroc
moroccan Morocco
motorman Motown
munich Munich
mycenaean Mycenae
namibian Namibia
nauran Nauru
nauruan Nauru
nepalese Nepal
nicaraguan Nicaragua
nigerian Niger
nigerian Nigeria
nipponese Nippon
northman North
norwegian Norway
oesterreich Oesterreich
omdurman Omdurman
orangish Oran
pakistan Pakistan
panamanian Panama
paraguayan Paraguay
permian Perm
persian Persia
peruvian Peru
philippine Philippines
polish Poland
portuguese Portugal
romanian Romania
roumanian Roumania
ruandan Ruanda
rumanian Rumania
russian Russia
rwandan Rwanda
salvadoran Salvador
samoan Samoa
scotch Scotland
scottish Scotland
senegalese Senegal
siamese Siam
singan Singan
singaporean Singapore
slovak Slovakia
slovenian Slovenia
slovenian Slovenija
somalian Somalia
soudan Soudan
sovietic USSR
spanish Spain
spaniard Spain
spartan Sparta
sudanese Sudan
surffish Sur
swedish Sweden
swiss Switzerland
tadzhikistan Tadzhikistan
tanzanian Tanzania
thai Thailand
tibetan Thibet
tibetan Tibet
togolese Togo
tongan Tonga
tunisian Tunisia
turkish Turkey
turkmenistan Turkmenistan
turkoman Turkey
turkoman Turkomen
ugandan Uganda
ukrainian Ukraine
uruguayan Uruguay
uzbekistan Uzbekistan
venezuelan Venezuela
vietnamese Vietnam
yugoslavian Yugoslavia
zairean Zaire
zairese Zaire
zambian Zambia
zimbabwean Zimbabwe
zurich Zurich
